I've marinated some these little
mushrooms and some asparagus in wine
vinegar rather than here in fact olive
oil some little leaks but most
importantly the lamb here so I cut isn't
it looks call-ups like that just dip
them into the olive oil to get a little
bit of fat and then as they go onto the
grill which they will and they're gonna
cook only for a minute or two on each
side
you're gonna go whizzing around the
countryside and look at things and I'm
gonna prepare a super sauce from these
little lemons they're called Meyer
lemons now I've never seen these before
they're a cross between a tangerine and
a lemon you could eat them you can make
sauce with them you can put them into
drinks much more importantly I'm gonna
create a wonderful sauce
so for the moment a little bits of lamb
going in here and it's worth noting that
this perfect five heal good close-up
that that's exactly how a barbecue fire
should be especially if now if I got
anybody's Clive if you make them from
vine roots absolutely superb right
talking your vine roots can have a spin
around the Napa Valley and this nimona
Valley here and see how the Californians
are coming first in the world with
winemaking
I was so impressed by the vineyards of
Northern California as I told my friend
barri about it in the pub when I got
back and he was so impressed too that he
wrote this piece of commentary we she
wants to read you no thank you
Chardonnay a Pinot Noir names as
resident as Provence with the ancestry
of the finest winemaking carefully
selected clones from Oregon and
California some for sparkling and some
for still wines have been brought to
Ironhorse to increase the complexity of
wines nurtured here there's
experimentation to the variety v on the
a is it absolutely buried by i think
they've got the drift he's real good at
common reason t anyway let's get back to
the cooking there's a love little
portrait of california on the grilled
the leeks succulent leeks being grilled
asparagus a little brochettes of muck
mushrooms kumquat sage and garlic I
crushed it off the old lemon juice put
into my double saucepan like that then I
put in some eggs little fresh put its
eggs from around here with stir them and
here melted gently some good California
butter just whisk in a little take a
little second or two to do stay with
because the gas is how to make but the
gas on this thing is completely out of
control and these refined all sources
need the subtlest of touches and I don't
know after waiting do you ought to go
run the wineries and the vineyards right
over these it grunted and they came back
late right the beautiful consistency
let me go take that those mayor lemons
give out a supreme flip actually that is
the best egg liaison sauce I've ever
made next time you see this dish I
should be probably sitting in the middle
of a field with corn flowers daffodils
in my hair and stuff like that
enjoying myself and having a deep and
meaningful philosophical conversation
about California wine who did you say
this chap Wolski me a fool
no the chap on the right I'm sorry far
as Tulsa oh yeah what do you think well
the fascinating thing is the garlic is
such a wonderful complement to those
mushrooms and then getting a little bit
of the Meyer lemon in there it just
brings forward with this tremendous
flavor
I mean it's so fresh and so delicious